---
layout: post.njk
title: Only A Single Tomato
date: 2020-12-6 01:30:00
tags: ['post']
---
<!-- Excerpt Start -->
We will limit ourselves to only a single tomato. Or at least try really hard too.
<!-- Excerpt End -->

Today felt like a long day but it really wasn't. I think it only felt like that because today I actually left the house. Out of seven days in a week, I spend at least five of them at home. At this point, the only time I leave the house is to buy more nicotine cartridges or the once a week refill of the pot jar. This has been my pandemic existence for months. It's really not that bad. It could be worse which is why it's not that bad. I've been studying for a test that is computer related for the last ten weeks. I was suppose to take the test last Monday but prior had a unfocused couple of weeks and limited productivity. So I pushed it back to this Monday. But now, I've discovered that they provide *accommodations* for people like me with ADHD.  Thankfully, we have something called [The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Individuals_with_Disabilities_Education_Act) which ensures public schools provide assistance and services to kids with disabilities. Those disabilities range from someone who is blind and needs provided Braille textbooks or some dude with ADHD like me who thinks slow. At various levels of school I've had different *accommodations* that included additional time for tests, taking tests in an environment that wasn't the classroom, even copies of notes from the smart kids. Additional time on tests though is the one that kind of sticks with you for life. This test I will take in the peace and quiet at home. Even if I didn't take it at home, the testing centers I would go to typically have segregated areas or a bunch of small rooms. They don't throw everyone in a big room like in school. Getting notes from smart kids was less from an inability to take notes, I usually tried to scribble my own notes. They teach ADHD kids 101 ways to take fucking notes in school. It was more that taking notes while following along with whatever was going on in class was a stretch. In this situation though I am learning at my own pace and obviously not in a classroom or lecture environment. This test has 65 questions. You're given 130 minutes for the test. Two hours and ten minutes. If we do the math we arrive at two minutes per question. YIKES. Who the fuck thinks that fast. A lot of people will say, NOT ME. Sure, you probably don't. Some questions will take less than two minutes, maybe only 30 seconds. And some will take more, maybe five minutes. But boy you can't afford many five minuters. Maybe I'm over thinking this. Nevertheless, the anxiety generated knowing that clock is ticking can be mind erasing for me. Extra time helps remove that, allow me additional thinking time and a chance to make sure I don't make a stupid mistake. I think my biggest problem tends to be difficulty with comprehension at times, which requires reading it a dozen times and keeping the dyslexia in check. Over thinking too, which is what I am doing with this.

I've concluded that in order to avoid spending way to long on this. Which will just make me not do it, I am going to limit it to one tomato. That is equivalent to 25 minutes. Maybe you have heard of this, it's from something called the [Pomodoro Technique](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pomodoro_Technique). This is a reference to the fact that the guy who came up with it used a kitchen timer that looked like a tomato, the word for tomato in Italian is **pomodoro**. Basically you set a timer for 25 minutes and work. I break up your work into 25 minute intervals with five minute breaks in between. Anyways, we're getting off topic. I'm now halfway into the next tomato. I'll talk about it further and how it helps me another time. 

I'm taking a practice test tomorrow to gauge if I think I will actually need additional time or not. Some of the questions are verbose and each have five verbose potential answers to select from. The process for getting accommodations could take a month since potentially I will need to get updated documentation from my doctor. I really can't afford to wait a month. 

See you tomorrow. 
